# World’s Smallest NTFS ProWinXP OS Fully GUI USB Portable 20MB in Ram, Windows XP based. If you have experience worked on NTFS from commandline DOS interface in the old system, you will greatly appreciate this piece of magic work.
Generalcodes MS: Make Simple CS: Code Simple
Here generalcodes make everything simple.
What is the smallest Windows GUI for stable run: Here it is.

The ProWinXP OS is included in this repository with name:

ProWinXP.ISO

The world smallest Windows fully GUI portable operation system, merely 20MB in size. Runs in Ram and on oldest computers.
MS Windows Solution Centre: the smallest Windows GUI OS able to work with GUI, USB Plug-n-Play and many more
ProWinXP OS built full from MS Windows XP without third party patch, so no alien code. Pure and clean to run for your system diagnostic.activities.
(1) Capable of USB mass flash drive plug-n-play, this is extraordinary. Be advised, original Windows XP does not recognise USB mass storage devices. So, it is not possible for original Windows P to run on USB, abide XP is small (Restored full image can be around 500mb still fully functional, although installation needs bigger space) and a good portable system to fix your PC.
Here you go, this world smallest portable Windows XP: ProWinXP 20MB or so. Fully GUI. Runs in RAM. Supporting USB mass storage plug-n-play. Of coerce recognises latest hard drive NTFS system, fully read/write. inherently, not from third party software.

The file is a Bootable ISO, can be burned into discs or run from USB or throw into your hard drive system partition, why not. it's so small. adding into Windows bootmgr menu for emergency rescue.

As a side not, however, no attempt to make it smaller in the first place. So some file are in deflated state, only partial of the OS individual files were processed with Windows own CAB system.

Furthermore, since this is an antique work, not much effort to be put into. And starting with a none-English blue print. Additional fonts library still there, never attempted to remove. The current XP building system available are all broken. So it is hard to work with. Even great hope was made, some interface still in its original language. More than enough for a demo or toy.

AntUV
March 31, 2019
